# qss20_covidtweetproject
Seba Maccias, Emma Nguyen, David Mysiuk

We aim to understand the correlation between the timing of Twitter account creation and the level of engagement regarding COVID-19 in the platform. This could help us determine if certain world events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, influenced the creation of new accounts or if accounts created during specific periods are more active in discussing COVID-19.

We would be using the *acc_age field*, which represents the age of the accounts in days and the verified status to measure credibility which potentially affects the account’s engagement and reach. Additionally, by using the accounts’ creation date, we can categorize the accounts by year and find in which year/period were created the highest number of accounts. This could help us determine if accounts created during the pandemic were more engaged in COVID-19 related tweets than older accounts or vice versa. Other relevant fields include
date, which indicates when each tweet was posted, allowing us to temporally analyze tweet volume over time. Finally, we would have engagement metrics like rt rt count (retweet count), rt reply count (reply count), and rt fav count (like count), which will help us measure the influence and reach of the tweets from these accounts. By looking at these data fields, we can understand how Twitter accounts created at different times contribute to the discourse on COVID-19, exploring whether significant world events like the pandemic have increased account creations or if these newly created accounts engage differently with the topic.
